Updating Insider Builds through EO June 22 (#322)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-insider: wip/flight-hub/index.md

|22449|[9/2/2021](https://blogs.windows.com/windows-insider/2021/09/02/announcing-windows-11-insider-preview-build-22449/)|||

## Windows 11 October 2021 Release

> Builds leading up to the very first release of Windows 11 on Oct. 5th.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Builds leading up to the very first release of Windows 11 on October 5.
```
